Assignment 6 - Game of Craps
TCSS 305: Programming Practicum, Fall 2024

Name: Nikita Bizyuk
UWNet ID: nbizyu

Assignment Overview:
The purpose of this assignment was to utilize all the skills that i acquired throughout the quarter
in tom Capauls coding practicum class, to create the back end and front end of a project from scratch
using the Model, View, and Controller architecture. I did this by first creating the back end aspect
of my project because i have done the model portion many times throughout taking 142,143, and 305 classes
so i decided to get the easiest part out of the way first. To make sure my backend functioned properly
i implemented a scanner to assure that the user would get the desired outputs based on their input. Afterwards
i created the front end view portion. Once both the view and the model were completed, i combined them together
in the controller package by replacing all the scanner aspects of my code with action listeners. 

Technical Impression:
This project was a lot of fun. I really enjoyed the freedom that the professor gave us in regards to how we
could approach the assignment. This was my first time coding a project in the classroom setting without
having any strict directions for how my code should look other than it having to be in MVC and have
certain amount of buttons and menus. I made the most out of this opportunity by trying to create as
best of a look and feel that i could have with the limited experience i have with java swing. The most difficult
part of this assignment for me was the java swing portion. I had serious issues with the layouts and getting
the components to appear in the desired areas. I ended up using a 5 by 1 grid layout for my frame, where each grid had
a panel on the inside. Each panel itself has a flowlayout which is where my buttons were added to. The front end
and controller is where i spent the majority of my time on this assignment.

unresolved problems:
As far as I'm aware i think i caught all the bugs i could've found. I even had friends play
my game of craps and intentionally try to find bugs.

Citations and collaboration:
I did not cite any sources or collaborate with anyone while
working on this assignment.

Questions:
N/A